9:00 am in Shanghai Shenzhen and here in
Hong Kong you're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon Man with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Let's get to your top stories today.
Asian stocks are tracking Wall Street
higher with this AI trade driving the
S&P 500 to a ninth day of gains and a
fresh record.
>> Details coming out on the SpaceX IPO.
Reuters reporting it's seeking to raise
$75 billion, pricing shares at $135
each. Also ahead, Marvel soarses as the
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang says it could be
the next trillion dollar company. Our
Competex coverage continues with more
from Jensen Huang and ARM holdings chief
Renee Hos.
>> Plus, an exclusive conversation with BU
CFO Hyen Hu on the firm's AI strategy as
competition heats up in China.
All right, in just the last couple of
minutes, we've been kind of digesting
some of these headlines that are
crossing when it comes to SpaceX IPO.
Reuters, of course, reporting on some of
the numbers, right? So, if you're
talking about a 75 billion dollar raise,
it's going to be a big one here. If you
compare it to all the sort of big
milestones we've seen in global IPOs,
right? I think it's still double what
Saudi Aramco did just a few years back.
So
>> a few multiples larger than the larger
one already. And what's what's what's
interesting about this is in the last
let's say 5 days we've seen three
companies hitting the markets in various
ways of raising about the same amount of
money right 75 billion here Google with
80 billion. Anthropic closed in the
private markets similar amounts I think
where is the money coming from but
certainly underscores the appetite for
this sort of new wave of technology
which I think we call AI. I'm not sure.
>> But yeah, this battle for capital
certainly you're seeing it underway
here. On top of that, you add it to the
the 10-centent news of them announcing
this sort of new AI agent. Does it help
leaprog them in some ways now that they
you know up until now they have been
kind of leading or at least
underperforming and lacking behind this
whole AI race. So that there's a lot to
do with that too.
>> No, a lot too because that would be the
missing piece to the global tech puzzle,
right? The the the OG Chinese platform
companies which have
>> Yeah. the most used app in China. Yeah.
Get an AI agent,
>> a billion social media users, right? And
what they can do with that information,
what whether or not is that a cost
center or that actually revenue for the
company. Anyway, the markets decided at
least in the first day that's a 10% gain
uh on the stock itself. Uh we'll talk
more about 10-centent and what that's
doing as far as the benchmark goes. Uh
the other thing to talk to talk about
too is obviously the win streak across
global equity markets. So I think we're
now nine days in cash markets in the US.
We're now 11 days on Msei all country
index as we speak. So we'll need to
close out today for 11. If we get 12
tomorrow, that would be the longest uh
winning streak. Get this since 2004.
Yes, we've really come a long way. A
couple of market shuts. We don't have
Korea, just a reminder here, and
Thailand are shut. Uh apart from this,
uh there's also this rally we're seeing
across metal space. So aluminum is also
something to talk about. And also
copper, which is flirting with a record.
And by the way, speaking of cross asset,
the yen uh is also closing in back to
160. So that's also something to
consider.
>> Back on intervention watch possibly
here. Um we continue to watch really
what this dollar strength means across
the G10 space here. But certainly what
what we've been tracking is really
everything tech, right? So it's not just
the SpaceX stories. It's not just what
we heard uh from some of these
hyperscalers in the US, but really what
we heard in Taiwan has been quite market
moving as well at Computex. Marvel saw
its biggest single day gain in 26 years
after Nvidia CEO predicted the chip and
networking company will be the next to
hit a trillion dollar valuation.
>> The next trillion dollar company, ladies
and gentlemen.
>> Wow,
>> that would be exciting. Let's do it
together. Let's do it together.
>> Yeah, there we go. That was on stage
yesterday. Trillion dollars next for
that. Jensen Huang there in Taipei. In
fact, Stephen Angel has been carving
Computex for us all week. Steve, um I
don't know, among the many balls you've
been juggling, I think you had more than
12 yesterday. Uh what what's happening
now and what do we need to be watching
today?
>> Yeah, I think I've added another 12
balls in air right now. juggling act for
sure as we cover essentially day three
of competit day two of the trade fair
but day three of our coverage here uh
and you know that it's interesting to
see Jensen Hong on stage he is a rock
star here genanity is how they call his
the reaction of fans and people here in
the uh convention center halls uh and
and you can just see how much power he
has right so it's not just about the
power of compute the power of processing
and of electricity it's about the power
of Jensen's words not only with Matt
Murphy there on stage where he
essentially said this is the next
trillion dollar company Marll and Marll
jumped 33% subsequently in New York
overnight the most in 26 years Marll's
stock has surged has tripled this year
alone the stock code in case you want to
get in too late MRVL in the United
States so he does have a lot of
persuasion if you will Jensen Hong uh
but also he has a little ulterior motive
there too because Nvidia took a $2
billion stake in Marll 3 months ago. So,
as we heard from Matt Murphy there,
we're going to do this together, right?
So, uh it's it's in another example of
the power of his words. Of course, they
two days ago announced this new RTX
Spark uh processor that's going to be
used for um laptops and desktops along
with partner here MediaTek, but also
Windows for ARM. So, ARM Holdings and
the CEO Renee Hos, I had an exclusive
interview with him yesterday just after
on stage. Uh, Jensen Hong said, "I've
made this guy rich." I paraphrase, but
again, Jensen Hong using his clout
obviously to build up some of his
partners. And I spoke with Renee Hos
exclusively yesterday about their plans
uh for building out their own chips.
They're not just going to be a designer
for clients like Nvidia. They're going
to start building out their own chips.
He says that $15 billion target of for
the first year of their own chips they
might hit that not the first year by the
end of the decade I should say by 2030
they might hit that target sooner than
anticipated. This is what he had to say
about this euphoria into AI buildout and
agentic AI.
>> When you think about what goes into
building out AI data centers power is
one of the hugest pieces of of
everything. So if you can build a very
efficient machine, it helps save money,
it helps save power. Then with all
things agentic AI, a lot of that work is
done by CPUs. Yes, the GPU does a lot of
work to generate the token, but the
distribution of that token, the
administration of that token, the
orchestration of that token, that's only
work CPUs can do, which is why people
have been talking about, oh my gosh,
this CPU demand, uh, it's just going off
the charts.
And Steve, it's interesting too all the
news that's coming through here, not
just with Marll. I have to correct
myself on the pronunciation. Um, but
also SK Heinix, the chairman talking a
little bit more about the supply dynam
demand dynamics in the memory side of
things about really needing to actually
increase capacity now.
>> Well, absolutely. With all this data
center buildout, there's a big concern
that there are key component shortages.
um nowhere else more acute than perhaps
in memory and not just at high bandwidth
memory uh but in DRAM nan flash and
other areas as our last guest we were
talking about there's specific chips as
well for the interconnects and cables
there's just lots of issues and supply
chain crunches right now because the
memory chip industry as we all know is
highly cyclical peaks and valleys and
coming out of the COVID lockdowns across
the Asia Pacific and the supply chain
crunches uh the three main memory chip
makers Micron, SKH Highix and Samsung
did not invest or interpret or or expect
the boom that is happening right now. So
because they were coming out of a trough
now there's an absolute peak. So what
we're hearing here at Compiteex is the
chairman of SKH Highix Jaywan telling
reporters that the shortfalls could last
until 2030 and that they're going to
double memory chip capacity over the
coming half decade. whatever we need, we
will provide it. He says, uh, again,
this is a super cycle of demand for HBM
and also the other areas of memory. So,
we'll have to see if Micron follows
suit, Samsung follows suit. Uh, but at
least he throws a little bit of a
lifeline that they're going to build up
capacity. That's quite a sizable ramp up
in capacity. Whether that means new
factories for chips and the like, uh,
we'll have to see.
>> Okay, Steve, thank you. Fantastic.
Stephen Angel there on the latest on the
super cycle. this um this this this
upgrading
uh conversation and contest really as it
pertains to fundraising capex and that
cycle and yet we're here again uh it's
playing out across markets suffice to
say we talked about this 11 straight
days now on Msei all country uh index 11
straight days of gains to be more
specific uh so we are yeah I mean why
not it's been it's been good very good
for equity markets joining us here on
set Joe little global chief strategist
at HSBC asset management very nice to
see you good morning
>> hi David. Hi. Hi, Ivon. Great to be
back.
>> Why don't we Let's start outside and
make our way back in. Um, what's the
risk we don't see?
Well, I think the big challenge and
maybe tension in investment markets now,
and I've been I've been traveling around
Asia speaking to investors um since the
start of the week. The one thing that
keeps coming up is this disconnect
between the amount of volatility,
uncertainty we see in commodity markets,
in the policy environment,
>> in short-term interest rates with big
swings in how the market is thinking
about the Fed, the ECB, the Bank of
England. um and connect that versus what
we're seeing in markets which as you've
just reported on incredible performance
from many of the individual names,
stocks at new highs, emerging markets of
course bouncing back very very quickly.
So we have this mismatch, this
disconnect between low volatility in
markets, not just in stocks, currencies,
long-term bonds, same picture, credit
spreads at um multi-year lows. And you
contrast that with an environment that's
still fraught in terms of policy
uncertainty, geopolitical uncertainty
and volatility perspectively in in terms
of commodities. I think that's the
challenge that everybody is wrestling
with. And of course we know that profits
have been so so strong. Yes,
>> supernormal profits is is kind of
carrying the show. But one just feels
that positioning
risks maybe to to profits at some point
down the road, maybe some challenges
from bond markets. These are aspects
that we need to monitor very closely at
this point in time. Now, I'm not that
bearish at the at the moment, but we're
just becoming more alert to some of
these forces which could ultimately
murder the bull market.
>> Mur do you think the bond market would
murder the bull market? I mean, you
talked about these two shocks in a boom
in the economy, which is quite confusing
for investors now.
>> Yeah. So, in our midyear outlook,
Different Worlds, which we've just um uh
launched and I'm talking to investors
about this week and over the next few
weeks, we describe the economic
environment, Ivon, as you say, as two
shocks and a boom. Um, which hopefully
is quite fun, but also
>> sounds like a party.
>> Yes, it it could be maybe a boy band.
Um, but it it it also reflects a
economic system which is heavily
influenced by supply forces at this
juncture. So the two shocks are
obviously the geopolitical situation and
the uncertainty impulse that that
provides into commodity markets and then
secondly what we're seeing with advanced
manufacturing exports from China
shocking uh industrial sectors in Japan
shocking industrial sectors in Europe
and then the boom I don't need to say is
the AI tech uh investment boom so it's
this balance of confusing supply forces
which are dragging inflation in
different directions dragging growth in
different directions depending on where
we are in the world, energy exporters
and energy importers. It provides a very
confusing backdrop and setting for
investors and I think as you mentioned
it does add some tension in the minds of
policy makers
>> in the minds of the bond market and that
has historically the hawkish central
banks or bond market vigilantes
historically they've been the forces
that have been the big challenge
ultimately for the bull markets to
continue. So we don't see it today, but
that's the area to monitor.
>> Okay, Joe, hold that thought. We got
much more coming through uh with with
Joe there. Joe Little, global chief
strategist at HSBC Asset Management is
staying with us. We're going to have
much more on tech coming up on the China
show. Are research will give us their
take on Tencent as bulls go allin
talking about this new AI agent that
they announced there. We're speaking
exclusively also with the CFO of BYU as
competition in China's tech sector
intensifies. And we're back at Computex
in Taiwan with the CEO of chip designer
Naron. And we're coming down to the open
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong
Kong. This is the China Show.
Right, welcome back. So, we're flat
across A50 futures. Uh although there is
some early indication that uh we're
going to get the likes of 10 cent still
seeing a bit more upside and
outperforming today. I mean, we'll we'll
get more an official number on that in a
couple of minutes when we get to
pre-markets, but just keep that in mind
as we go into the open today. Very
strong session yesterday. Although
strangely too, as the hang picked up
into the close on the back of the report
in 10 cent, uh the V index actually
picked up also simultaneously, which is
something you don't normally see. It
happens every now and then. Uh but yes,
two things picking up that don't
normally correlate positively, which
just something to keep in mind as we go
into the session today.
>> Yeah, we're back with Joe Little, a
global chief strategist at HSBC asset
management. We were just talking about
just how momentum really has been
dominating a lot of the markets here
right now. the question about whether
things can broaden out a bit. What's
sort of the answer to to investors now?
What do you think?
>> Well, last year was a great year for the
so-called broadening out of market
performance, emerging markets, even
European equities having a big moment
outperforming the the US market and we
saw it within the US a rotation away
from tech of course but the economic
backdrop this year is quite different to
what we had last year. So last year
global growth upgraded um policy easing
of of course the dollar falling this
year it's all a little bit more uh
challenged in that backdrop more
inflation hish central banks little bit
sideways and some recent up move in the
dollar so yeah the question is is
broadening out finished or or can it
return in in some more moderate form and
our our analysis looking at the recent
data around profits also bearing in mind
where some of the valuation
opportunities might be at a point in
time where some investors are getting a
bit more worried about the valuations of
some of the Asia as some of the US mega
cap tech names. Again, of course, our
analysis points to looking at AI
spillovers in adjacent uh uh sectors.
So, areas like infrastructure, maybe the
materials and energy area, which has
done quite well in the recent profit
season. We've seen some good data on on
on that front. Maybe even some of the
industrial areas. Now there's a broader
industrial capital spending story not
just the AI theme we see it in the data
in the US also in Asia and in Europe
we've got military Keynesianism with the
German investment in defense uh in
particular picking up but all European
countries making a much bigger
commitment to defense spending. So there
are pockets of uh industrial capital
spending boom taking place in targeted
sectors. I think you have to be quite
sort of selective and focused but some
of those areas industrials uh materials
energy infrastructure are set to be
beneficiaries of the spillover from AI
and that's probably where I would uh
increasingly focus especially the point
in time where we see these parabolic
moves in the semiconductor indexes and
many investors getting a little bit more
nervous at the price action we're seeing
there.
>> What are dispersion metrics telling you?
Well, that's a very interesting um
reflection because equity market
volatility in aggregate is surprisingly
low, surprisingly low. So, you have this
big disconnect that I mentioned at the
start with policy uncertainty at
all-time not quite at all-time highs but
close to all-time highs. lots of anxiety
around economic trade, geopolitical
uncertainty. Whereas VIX or or the
European equivalence or the Asian
equivalence of implied volatility still
very very subdued but dispersion
>> is very high at the moment in in equity
markets. So in other words, the way to
think about it is that the uh um the sea
looks calm
>> but underneath the fish the fishes are
in turbulence. Yeah, exactly. Not great
for uh drift diving or controlling your
your diving route. So a lot of
turbulence under the water dispersion
very very high. Um I think that tells us
of the environment that we're in. You
mentioned the leadership of momentum.
Okay.
>> Another way to think about that is how
value or um low volatility or income
areas have really lagged. And so that
quite narrow leadership in markets is
partly what that's telling you. But it's
it's also indicating that for active
investors, for active alternative
strategies, maybe hedge fund investors
as well. This is a really interesting
market opportunity because there is a
lot of dislocation. There is a lot of
differences, disconnects across
different sectors or even within sectors
and that creates an opportunity for
active managers to add quite a lot of
value for for performance. So there are
some ways to navigate the current
environment even acknowledging and maybe
being a little bit wary of some of the
parabolic moves that we've seen in the
semiconductor and AI space.
>> Yeah, EMS though is still your favorite.
I just wonder you know when you look at
valuations and and earnings is this
where you're seeing the most visibility
when it comes to the earning side of
things especially like markets like
Korea despite the parabolic moves.
Korea, Taiwan of course, uh the tech
area in China all seen incredibly strong
uh uh profits growth. EM in the
aggregate are trading on 12 times
forward earnings. So this is not a
demanding multiple. The question is well
what happens if you take some of the big
uh um tech three out of the out of the
equation. Multiples are still not so
demanding. It's a discount relative to
what we see in the United States. So I
think the Asia block still looks very
interesting for our global investors. on
my travels around the world, it still
feels underallocated to, structurally
underallocated to. I mean, EMS is only
uh in the 11% waiting of global markets.
So, it's it's 3x lower than it probably
should be on the rights of global GDP
share. Um, we also see, of course, a
theme still around the dollar, which is
incredibly important for emerging
markets historically. uh it a weaker
dollar a lower dollar tends to oxygenate
the entire asset class.
>> So as you mentioned on the intro dollar
is a little bit stronger at the moment
but our scenario over the rest of the
year and going into 2027 is for the
dollar to continue to weak. It looks
expensive. A weaker dollar seems to be a
priority for policy makers and an
objective of policy makers which is a
little bit different to what we've seen
in the past. But we would anticipate
emerging market currencies and the yen
to be the big areas of beneficiary
around that and that helps this part of
the world. And the other thing to say on
emerging market asset classes, bonds and
stocks is that they're a bit weird from
the perspective anymore. Is it?
>> Exactly. This correlation behavior is
quite unusual. Uh so if if we just look
at China versus India since the start of
the year, very very different stories
reflecting very different industries,
situations in the equity markets, very
different policy outlooks, very
different situations on the currencies.
But that pattern is repeated right
across emerging markets in the stock and
bond markets and in frontier markets as
well, which you would assume would be
the high beta very uh uh um volatile
part exactly of of emerging markets. So
this low volatility property is a really
interesting one that I don't think is
acknowledged enough
>> among global investors. So you're quite
right Ivon emerging markets is still our
top pick for the second half of the
year.
>> Joe fantastic to see you.
>> Thank you so much.
>> Have a great trip. Let's let's do this
again once you're back at this part of
the world. Joe Little there guys. Uh
global chief strategist at HSBC asset
management. Uh just an update on
10centent very quickly as we enter day
two. 10% yesterday. Oh half of 1% not
allowed today. We'll see what happens
today. The opening bell about 6 minutes
away. This is Bloomberg.
All right, we're watching stocks here
this morning. When it comes to, of
course, China Tech, 10 cent was sort of
the big one. Yesterday here we saw
massive moves in the afternoon session
yesterday on this report of them
launching an AI agent in WeChat. This
allin sort of strategy here right now.
How much has it narrowed the gap with
some of the competitors out there?
Certainly one big question. Uh you also
have the likes of Alibaba and Mong which
actually moved up massively yesterday as
well. A little bit more steadier here
today. We got the open coming up next.
This is Bloomberg.
Good morning. Welcome back to the show.
Just going into the open today. So,
we're coming off quite
monster momentum. Let's put it that way.
Going into the close yesterday because
of the tech rally. That doesn't seem to
be the case early today. It's very
early, of course. Uh we are getting some
gains still though, although not as
robust as yesterday. We are coming off
of course nine straight days of gains on
on Wall Street. And of course, the other
big news is of course SpaceX. We can get
to that later, but yes, all things tech
today.
>> All things tech, $75 billion that SpaceX
seeks to be reportedly uh raising here.
So certainly big big numbers monster
sort of momentum as you talked about
here today and plenty more maybe that
Nvidia effect that we're seeing from
Computex as well when Jensen Hon speaks
about a company yeah you can lift the
stock like Marll overnight. So uh there
seems to be you know a bit of a more
steadiness here today across these
markets and maybe we are taking a bit of
a breather here as Dave mentioned when
you're talking about global stocks on a
winning streak that we haven't seen uh
since maybe a year or a April or so. So
certainly uh maybe today we're taking a
bit of a pause here, but you're seeing
when it comes to the Shenzhen market,
the China X continues to do quite well.
We're up nine ten of 1% on that one here
today. Uh we've been talking about
copper markets and pretty strong sort of
sessions that we've seen when it comes
to Dr. uh copper there and Shanghai
crude is slightly higher here this
morning. But interesting to note uh when
it comes to the likes of CL or Cameron
Tech, these are some of the investor
favorites are actually seeing a bit of a
pause here today. Uh we're also watching
some of these appliance makers as well.
So Jeffre came out with an interesting
note saying when it came to some of the
weak demand in May uh and there's going
to be less government subsidies as well
during this 61A promotion. They say it
doesn't quite bode well for some of
these home appliance makers as well. So
you take a look at Mao Group is down
about 9/10 of 1% here today. Uh crypto
is certainly one that we're we're
tracking very closely just given uh what
we've been seeing right is it that
inflation hedge not quite these days.
Right? When you take a look, we're
seeing downside about 8/10 of 1%. We're
sub 67,000 now uh for Bitcoin and you
know you are seeing some of these
Bitcoin related stocks following it
lower today as well. Dave,
>> yeah, six handle uh on Bitcoin. And I
think we have a really good story out
that talks about how the inflation
uh protection veneer uh that Bitcoin
seems to be providing seemed past 10
seemed to be providing that warm embrace
seems to be unraveling. uh interesting
conversation also uh let let's have a
look at uh the hang index in particular
following the day we had yesterday and
it doesn't seem to be we'll get day two
uh but you know the early awakening in
terms of the 10-centent story and this
is an OG of course in an index uh so
this is what we saw on the price in
terms of percentage change on the 30,000
strike call option on the index
yesterday the biggest move up on price
for this specific contract going back to
if you recall late 2024 which was a big
bazooka coming through the out of the
PBOC. So, uh not a normal day in options
markets yesterday. In fact, when you
look at uh the the specific bull options
on 10-cent following the news on the on
FT also coming in quite substantially
and I think one of the headlines that
come through is uh the bulls are going
allin when you look at the options
market that's also coming up on your
screens very very shortly. But yes, we
were waiting the market was waiting for
this agentic AI development. It was
discussed of course during uh the the
earnings call I believe. Uh so I think
there's really something to unpack and
but and whether or not the market is
also overestimating the short-term
impact this will have of course on the
business itself.
>> Yeah, we did speak recently to CLSA's
head of Asia Internet Research Elellanar
Lang about Tencent's AI efforts. Here's
what she had to say.
>> And they totally overhaul okay the uh AI
the LM team. they hire somebody away
from open AI to lead the team right now
and so they expect that they could have
a parameter a trillion perimeter per
model in in months. Um so that will help
them to accelerate their application
creation but 10 cents the biggest
competitive venture is the ecosystem a
billion people
>> millions of mini programs and that take
their competitor more than 10 years to
build so that is very difficult to break
for 10 cent.
>> Yeah. So, you know, how much does this
really narrow the gap, I guess, uh, with
some of the peers is one key question
for the market here today. Our very own
Robert Lee from Liber Intelligence, this
is what his take is, right? When it
comes to this plan for an embedded
WeChat AI agent, it will benefit users
more than the company, right? Because
when they talk about the resultant rise
in token costs must be absorbed by the
firm. So with little scope to really
pass higher token costs onto consumers.
So rising AI agent usage will raise
inference expenses at Tencent, Alibaba
and BYU which therefore airgo could
pressure
>> margins. So that's sort of the earnings
impact that they see here. Um but yeah,
I think a lot of questions whether the
the path to some sort of monetization is
that clear or not when it comes to
Tencent on
>> it's good for the user not necessarily
the platform. Uh, by the way, it helps
that the BU uh CFO I believe is joining
us as well later. Just keep keep that in
mind. Okay. Uh, let's talk more about
this. Uh, we look at the Hong Kong
markets coming through. Uh, we're about
610 of 1% to the downside here. Uh, and
as far as the hanging index is
concerned, there we go. About 160 uh,
points to the downside. MSI China is
down about 810 to 1%. So, 10 cent bottom
row left side of your screens. We're
giving up a little bit of yesterday's
gains. Let's get more on the story here
in the broader TNT
uh space in mainland China with Shan
Yang uh senior analyst at Areete
Research. Sean, good morning. Uh what do
you make of that report yesterday?
Aentic agentic AI being applied to to to
Weathat and what do you think uh will
will what what fruit will that bear as
far as the business is concerned?
>> Well, I think it's a important staff
tens. I mean, I think that this has
been, you know, in within the market
speculation for several months and it's
good to see that finally there's kind of
like kind of a movement, but to be
honest, I think, you know, basically
Tensent, I think that they're a little
bit behind in AI. I think uh in the past
they only have like kind of a small
model and I think that they still need
to like ramp up in terms of all this
like hardware data center morning
training uh model training hiring more
people but I think yeah I think the good
thing is that they have they have users
uh the other thing is that I think it's
it's kind of uh interest to see what
kind of application or mini programs uh
will be like merged with AI. uh so far I
think it's probably mostly e-commerce
like the uh food delivery and also car
healing and some like know online
shopping but that's raised another
question for example if you look at open
AI if you look at Baba seems that they
didn't do very well in terms of like you
know uh just adding uh AI to e-commerce
so what Tensson is going to do with AI
what does that mean for the user for the
whole ecosystem for the company I think
it's something that we need to continue
to monitor
Do you agree with our analyst Robert Lee
that this could actually pressure
margins for the company here just given
the token cost that's involved?
>> Well, definitely yes because if you look
at Tencent Capex uh last year they're a
little bit behind but this first quarter
capex they're ramping up and there will
be more pack capex spending. they need
to hire more people and all the other
thing is that you know WeChat is a is a
is a is a like app that super app that
has like 1.4 4 billion users right so
this kind of like cost like related
token uh related to all this like model
running that will be very high cost but
I think at at this stage I think the
market's more interesting about the
model capability and you know whether
like tens and baba and all these
companies can catch up uh and uh they I
I think that people definitely care
about the cost but at this stage if you
look at the China's internet companies
spending on kax on AI it's still very
it's still very small versus the global
peers. So I think at this stage people
should more care about what's the result
what's the outcome rather than the cost.
Uh Sean you pose a very good question in
your report granted this was in in
midappril but I think it it it strikes
at the very heart of the difference
between the US tech ecosystem AI
ecosystem and what you have in China.
you have parallels but it's not
completely u who will be China's
anthropic
um is there an answer to that question
how what's the framework we need to be
look using to analyze the approximates
of anthropic in China
>> well I think that's the key difference
uh the US and China is that I think US
now only like there's three frontier
model providers right you have open AI
uh you have you have Google but China I
think there's still like 7 to eight
players right you have like basically
you have like tens and baba you have
like deepsek you have still have like
jipu and also miniax and kim so there
there are more players you know uh
that's the first key like difference the
second one that you know I think
anthropic is very well well positioned
in terms of penetrating to the
enterprise use scenario but in China for
a very long time this market seems to be
a little bit weak Definitely we see kind
of difference that you know Chinese
enterprises are more willing to pay for
AI but how far can go right and I think
that's my in my report I basically says
that it's very different you can't
simply say oh look this China's
independent company is Chinese anthropic
I think it's kind of like very like this
is kind of like very simple comparison
uh I I don't like this kind of
comparison but China I think that
basically we're going to see that
internet companies probably they have
like advantage in terms of compute in
talents whereas independents they're
more focused. So that is going to be a
kind of like more uh like uh uh
competition between these these players.
>> The the market seems to be still leaning
towards the independence as you say um
versus the hyperscalers.
What do you think is still needed for
that gap to narrow? Um you know
obviously the fundamental side of things
as you mentioned there the the
monetization outlook is still remaining
quite unclear for for some of these big
hyperscalers here right now.
I think currently people more care about
the model cap capability. Basically you
have a lot you see a lot of like
different rankings right compare models
in different ways and but that's just
capture one side of the company the the
models the other one is like people
probably care about the token
consumption uh which you can see like
parts of that in different also in
different like third party like rankings
and the other thing is that I think
that's that's a kind of like um like
industry that you need to really to talk
with this like heavy coders which like
model do you think is the best? Um so um
model capability I think is still the
most important thing. I think now at
this stage seems that people puts like
the monetization uh in a less important
uh like position. Uh so I think we we
need to like carefully track like for
example which which model can catch up
and I I I would say that you are going
to see like these Chinese companies just
uh publish their models very like just
uh which like every month there will be
a new like update of the models. So it's
interesting to see how they compete with
each other
>> and it's interesting too what the
parallel growth is in the hardware space
and semis and that entire parallel
infrastructure. Sean, you know, I look
at what's what the market's been
embracing. It's the it's the hardware
and semi names particularly on shore. I
guess the reason I frame it that way is
can I ask a simple question? What are
your stock recommendations? How do I
benefit from this?
>> Uh I think that uh with in China in
companies I think that uh probably bu
you know has a kind of like uh uh
self-developed GPU. So we think that
it's going to be definitely going to be
benefited from this wave. I mean
basically China is in steer in shortage
of GPU and uh and I think that either in
training or like in inference. So I
think that BU definitely is going to
benefit from that. I think the other
thing is that Baba I think that they
have a clear like uh mass revenue coming
from AI. they are the largest like like
cloud service providers and I think
Tensson is also like it stocked down a
lot the PE is low and people I think in
the past people don't have very strong
expectation for it AI but now basically
you can I think you can buy Tensson's
cool business within like low tins PE
and with a free relatively like free uh
AI option so I think this also sounds
attractive so these are probably going
to be the three uh companies that we can
see uh we can say that clearly benefit
from AI.
>> Yeah, Sean, I can see that from a
fundamental basis. Valuations the market
though hasn't listened to we seem to
need we need a moment uh that that
awakens people to to these plays. Uh
what do you think the catalyst will be
here for these big three?
>> Uh well, I think that's uh basically
that's goes back to uh a couple of like
you know past moment. for example, I
think that's you know I think like I
think five or seven years ago like when
the video uh all these video platforms
like you know attract uh users like time
I think the same thing you see several
like video platforms uh like listed and
they basically their their stock prices
go up every day. I still remember that
very clearly but you know you know
coming back that you see that see now
that you see tens
like video counts basically is taking a
lot of like pies from this market and
also like do still like the number one
short video platform. So I what I mean
that there will be a moment for example
I don't know whether it's like deepseek
moments whether like there'll be like
you know this internet companies have a
breakthrough in model capability which I
think that it's very likely but I think
we just need to wait um uh I think
that's the key stats the key point
coming from the breakthrough in model
capability of this in that companies
>> Sean we got leave it there but thank you
Sean Yang there senior research analyst
atte research. And still ahead, we're
the outlook for BU's AI strategy after a
milestone first quarter for its AI
powered cloud services. The CFO Hyen Hu
joins us exclusively in just a few
minutes.
>> Yep. Uh and if we have yet to wake you
up already, just to mention, Australia
GDP is out.3% missing estimates of 4%.
This is Bloomberg.
All right, we just got some data
crossing the Bloomberg here right now
when it comes to the rating dog China
May services print here for May actually
beating expectations here 54.4
the estimate was for 52.3 print and
seeing a bit of more improvement from
the previous month as well. So at least
the private gauge looking pretty good
here right now.
>> Okay. Um that completes of course the
largely completes of course the PMA
numbers and the next milestone to watch
on the macro front in China of course
will be the activity numbers coming
through in the next few weeks or so.
Let's uh pivot back to deals. It's a
massive
week for deals. We talked about of
course Google and Alphabet's massive ADB
race. Uh and it's SpaceX, of course, in
case you missed it. Um and we now have
slightly more details on this massive
IPO according to Reuters. So, we're
looking at 75 billion. If you put the
information together, we're looking at
about 5.56 million shares being offered
at 135 uh dollars a pop. Our US deals
editors with us, Michael. Pytha in San
Francisco. Um almost like this window to
launch, Michael, which is of course a
very close and tight window is is
basically rushing this actually.
>> Um quite frankly, the uh fi filing
that's expected tomorrow or as early as
tomorrow is coming a little bit sooner
than expected, maybe by a couple days.
Um so that is they're wasting no time
getting it out there. Um it will be the
the filing in which they disclose the
proposed terms. Um SpaceX has said for a
long time that the $75 billion was its
goal approximately or we've reported
that I should say more specifically and
um so the the Reuters numbers are very
specific. Guess you're right to 75
billion and 6 million. So 6 billion 6
million for a little extra measure I
guess. So it's going to be um
interesting. What's different though is
that normally in this this stage the
company would be saying here is a range
of what it's proposing because they need
to get investors on board with that
amount of money and sometimes it's at
the top of the range they want and
sometimes it's a little bit lower than
that.
>> Well, I mean they're they're talking
about 556
million shares. I do you think there's
going to be enough investors to buy all
those shares, Michael? they're they're
going to need a lot of them. Um
certainly there is incredibly wide
global and and just deep and massive
interest in this listing. Um at the same
time it is more than twice as big as
anything that's ever been done before in
IPO land. And uh it's going to take a
lot of money. So SpaceX is doing a
couple things which are interesting. Um
you know they're doing of course their
their special outreach to certain
investors and such. Um they're also
having a large retail component too. So
um some of those folks who they're
they're counting on a retail investor
crowd to buy up you know handful of
shares at a time and to get them toward
that limit as well.
>> Michael talk to us about fees and
certainly the the larger these these
deals get of course that ratio tends to
gravitate lower. How much money are
underwriters making here?
um they're going to be making a lot of
money of course no matter what there's
you know more than 20 banks on the
listing and um typically though you know
an IPO bank and underwriter would get
you know for a smaller one say under a
billion dollars we get you know 4 to 7%
of the total of the IPO raise for larger
listings that can dip down to 1%. Um
Elon Musk is hunting for a bargain here.
He's asking his banks or trying to play
their hand to get them at about less
than.75%
of the total fees. You know, obviously
out of 75 billion, that would still be a
pretty substantial amount of money, but
the actual proportion of it to the total
raised would be less than perhaps other
listings would be.
Michael, thank you so much there for of
course your insights. Michael Hya there,
Bloomberg US deals editor joining us out
of San Fran. We'll leave you with a look
at how markets are doing here right now.
Obviously, when it comes to the tech
space, uh obviously with Korea closed
here today, certainly we're not seeing
as much sort of liquidity, but we are
tracking of course 10 cent shares after
that spike yesterday on the report of
their uh in this new AI agent on WeChat
and incorporating into the ecosystem. Uh
we are coming off some of that here
today. This is Bloomberg.
In some corporate news this morning,
Kioa plans to start paying dividends
after demand for data stores from AI
services led to a record annual profit.
The company says payouts could begin
next fiscal year or sooner depending on
financial performance and cash flow. The
Tokyo based NAN flash memory maker also
plans to spend close to $3 billion
annually over the next three years to
expand capacity. DD has reported its
second consecutive quarterly loss after
raising spending to expand globally and
fend off rivals like Mtoan. Losses for
the ride hailing and food delivery
companies stood at $177 million for the
three months to March at several times
larger than in the December quarter. CEO
Changi says DD plans to increase
investments in autonomous driving to
fuel growth.
I wonder why the listing is up there.
Anyway, okay. Um, let's Okay, sorry, I
just got distracted by that. Uh, optical
shares. So, Morgan Stanley's actually
out with this. So this one is actually
up um for a second day similar magnitude
here. Morgan Stanley raising the price
target by nearly fivefold. Uh talking
about optical fiber entering a strong
upcycle thanks to this demand coming
through of course in the build out for
AI and also very tight uh supply
conditions. Just keep that in mind. Uh
very very quickly just a look at
benchmarks about 25 minutes into the
cash market session. We have a big
interview coming up by the way which
Ivon will tell you about in a moment but
just a brief look. Hangen is down about
1%. Hanging China, MSA China is down
about 1.2%. The yield story is stuck at
a very low 10 uh 1.7% handle on the
Chinese tenure. We have a CGB sale today
just to mention that too.
>> Yep. Still ahead as we talked about
here, we'll get the outlook for BU's AI
strategy after a milestone first quarter
for its AI powered cloud services. The
CFO Hyen Hu joins us exclusively in just
a few moments of course and we'll have
much more in the next hour. You're
watching the China Show.
Welcome back to the China Show. Here's a
look at the China X index. A half hour
into the session and Shenzhen continues
to kind of take uh lean towards that
risk side of things. There you go. 2%
gains uh for the gauge here right now at
a time when you are seeing when it comes
to MSEI China or even other benchmarks
around greater China are actually seeing
things consolidate here today. But
what's really driving that is really the
the hardware space, the semis or even
some of these optical stocks and the
like. So that continues uh to drive this
market higher. So Jungja in LA for
example, it's punching some 6% here this
morning once again. Yeah, it just it was
not even a well it was one full day and
then we're back to the the more popular
AI place in China. It didn't take very
long for that to really unwind very
quickly. Uh MSA China as Ivan is
pointing out the justosition between the
new and the old
>> uh as far as relative uh exposure to AI
is concerned here. Uh let's have a look
at Japan. So interesting what's
happening there and so two things. One
is well you don't have Korea and
Thailand today. So uh perhaps this is
the uh AI play to to tell you about. In
fact our taking stockp discusses of
course that this seems to be now in
terms of foreign preference is where you
are seeing the inflows amidst the
outflows coming out of the likes of
Taiwan. Uh on top of that you do have
the lift we're getting from again a
weaker Japanese currency and yep we are
I think we were quoted at 160 uh about
7:40 this morning Hong Kong time. So
that's about 8:40 in Japan. uh just a
glance at the sector that is leading the
games to 710 to 1% uh to the upside.
Don't forget about commodity markets.
And speaking of really uh what you see
in the equity market space, copper on
your screens uh we're very close to
records on both contracts there.
Aluminum has been of course all guns
blazing too uh on supply story and of
course the AI play. Uh and apart from
that, yeah, this AI play is broadening
out not just beyond within equity
markets but beyond equity. I mean when
you look at something like even tin
which is used for soldering for
electronics. Yeah. Oh
>> that also jumped to a record high
>> uh overnight as well. So uh the
commodity complex related to of course
uh you artificial intelligence and
energy transition certainly is playing
out even in that space as well. But yes
and you talk about the winners and
losers of this whole AI race. We were
just talking to Sha Yang from Erite.
Yes. About you know why the hyperscalers
just haven't been actually doing much
better than the independents. Right. And
and it he says there's really no answer
one answer to China's enthropic here
right now. When you take a look at
coding and agentic sort of push maybe
the miniaxes of the world, the Kimmy
Claus and the like are leading right
now, but the hyperscalers he says there
is still opportunity for them to catch
up here. Of course, when you talk about
the full stack capabilities and what
evencent reportedly is saying now about
incorporating their agents to the entire
WeChat ecosystem.
>> Yeah, they had the infrastructure
markets haven't bought into it, right?
Um, and I think the argument that Sean
is making is you do have a valuation
play.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, in the case of the OGs because it
just got too expensive on the on the
independent side.
>> Yeah. And why we're showing this, right?
BU is still among the OG's actually
doing better than like Baba and
10-centent year to date as well. So,
what could be that next sort of
catalyst? Obviously, we talked about
some of their AI capabilities in the
last earnings report, which did kind of
uh help the stock also when it came to
its chip arm, Quinnland Shing, which is
planning a dual listing in Shanghai and
Hong Kong as investor appetite for
homegrown and vetti alternatives
continues to grow. We did speak with
Shyang earlier a few minutes back about
that.
>> I think that uh with in China in
companies, I think that uh probably BU,
you know, has a kind of like uh uh
self-developed GPU. So we think that
it's going to be definitely going to be
benefited from this wave. I mean
basically China is in steer in shortage
of GPU and uh and I think that either in
training or like in inference. So I
think that BU definitely is going to
benefit from that. I think the other
thing is that Baba I think that they
have a clear like uh mass revenue coming
from AI. They're the largest like cloud
service providers.
And speaking of BU, well, they are
actually attending that Namora uh
flagship Asian investment forum that's
happening in Singapore this week. And
that's where we find our very own has
Linda Amen, our insight anchor there at
the event with the next guest here, our
BU CFO.
>> That's right. Speaking of B, von Hygiene
her.
>> That's right. Hi her, CFO of BU. Henry,
good to have you with us. I mean, we've
been talking about BU, my colleagues in
Hong Kong, uh, Ivonne and, uh, David.
We've been talking about the comparisons
in BYU and its rivals. What's really the
competitive edge? We know that
increasingly you know AI is becoming a
significant part of uh the business in
fact 50% of core revenue. What really is
your competitive edge?
>> Thanks a lot for having me in Singapore
and I think this quarter for us is
really a first time in history in the BU
that our AI related revenue exceeding
50% as you point out. I think the unique
driver for BU is our integrated full
stack capabilities.
Probably remember a few quarters ago
people only talk about foundation model
and then people talking about
applications and talking about uh the
harness and all the framework. But today
if you look at that the fundamental
support for the entire AI is
infrastructure that cannot leave without
chip and you need to have the cloud as
the deployment platform to really access
your infrastructure to the users you're
using. But your foundation model play a
big role because that is a bridge to
linking about hardcore and bare metals
with applications. And obviously if you
look at any single company if you really
want to do the monetization you need to
have a great driver to do the
applications and also for the near-term
and the long term. So for BU we have
physical AI which is our robot taxi
which is on the relatively immediate to
longterm to monetize but also in the
near near term we have the largest AI
application portfolio over 10 billion AR
R&B this year already and actually we're
renovating that with our AI application
tools and I think that near-term
application for the monetization across
different layers is our competitive
advantage. So if you even look at all
the big companies across globe the chip
infrastructure cloud foundation model
and applications go beyond the software
and to the physical AI is actually the
full stack of the portfolio we can offer
and as you know each quarter different
seams in the market is different but we
can capture any of the seams.
>> Is it enough and are your shareholders
buying into it? If you take a look at
the shares of your rivals, Miniax, we
talked about it, Zapu, they've gone gang
busters, but not really for BU. BU is
actually trailing.
>> I think if you really look at the
trailing probably three, four quarters,
the BU share price almost doubled, which
actually signal the market has been very
smart. They actually detected BU have a
great potential to unlocking the value
for many of the different layers. That's
one point. The second part as we are
doing different assets and review
internal portfolios for example our
infrastructure i.e our equivalent chip
is really the best in class for the
inference chips in China. I think in
that sense we're pretty confident as we
go through the process to unlocking
value by different layer of the assets
by different ways. Obviously the market
can see through all the logic I just
mentioned. Another point I just also
want to mention is because we are
already a public company we are not
rushed for one time or one quarter of
the performance on share price. But if
you look at our P&L on earnings in the
past three quarters, we already deliver
three concept quarter of positive
operating cash flow. I think that is
probably not all the cases for many of
the public company recently listed and
also our operating profit has been
double on a Q base for this quarter.
>> But why why IPO kung which is the cash
cow which is the growth unit for the
company? I mean is there really need to
do that to really unlock value? Is it
the only way for investors to see the
value?
>> Uh it's a great question. I think
financially from the capital markets
perspective is only one element but we
actually think through from more
strategic and a business perspective. Uh
one thing I just want to mention
actually the chip is the really
important market for the entire AI and
in my view any big players in the market
actually can go and grow for the next 10
20 years. The market tammed is so large.
So the customer and the supply chain
partners need to look at this platform
as more neutral, independent, commercial
friendly, more open to build up not only
the hardares but also the entire
ecosystem on the software developers uh
environment and all the tools and more
like ecosystem. I think in that sense
because our vision is to build a good
platform not only for a cloud players
but also with many other customers. So
that's why if you look at our portfolio
of the uh client today it actually go
across different verticals you know the
EV verticals the cloud but also many
other verticals even in the traditional
sectors I think being a separate and
independent public company it will help
improving for example the corporate
governance getting more resources more
neutral and independent conversation
with customers I think it's good for the
business
>> AI is all about capex how are you
looking at it especially when your
margins are so stretched some people
said that you have to rethink perhaps
your strategy
I think for this quarter by do among the
top tech public company we are probably
among very few company as I mentioned
doubled OP margin this quarter most of
our peers seeing dramatic decline on our
prof profit for this quarter and also
another data I want to show is for this
quarter our cloud revenue increasing 79%
on a Y basis which is almost double the
speed of entire China market cloud
market as well as other top leading
companies If you're putting those two
number together, it shows that our
internal operation efficiency and the
way we managing our capbacks and cash
and efficiency is doing actually better
than the market. I.e. fast growth than
the market but less cash we spend but
also gradually improving on OP margin.
The reason I want to mention is any CFO
in a big company need to look at ROI
more responsibly today because it's easy
to say I want to spend X dollars but not
easy to implement to get in the back of
the shareholders money in X months with
X return on the profits. I think that we
are actually running into a little bit
kind of challenge in a way that we need
to build infrastructure very fast
because we are the benefit of that
because we're also providing the trips.
So when exactly do you think your
shareholders will see the ROI from the
in investment in EI? So since uh last
summer uh when I took the uh the role uh
we already implemented a very strict and
prudent I put this way ROI measures for
any dollar we spend on infrastructure
and applications and I think given the
very normal cycle to get a payback
period we'll see that in the next few
quarters is already signaled in today's
this quarter's numbers but I think going
forward we are going to see a revamp and
a multiple expansion on not profits but
also the cash and one thing I just want
to mention also is given today the token
is very important and the way we're
producing our own inference cost with
our own support on infra is actually
much efficient and cheaper so that
actually give us great advantage
compared with other peers because my
return period will be shortened given
the cost structure I have
>> you talked about autonomous vehicles of
course your robo taxis are being rolled
out in London I believe tell us uh what
the plans are and whether there are
other markets that you're you know
anticipating that these robo taxis will
be viable.
>> Yes. Uh I was happy to talk about that.
Um I think uh today if you measure by
the number of the weekly rights uh we
are probably the global number two and
um and we're happy to see our capability
of the driving go beyond the China
market. So recently we already shipping
the cars to London but also we get
markets and enter for example the
Switzerland as well. So I think overview
our uh strategy is to make sure we find
a good market that require not only the
technology but also the demand from
passengers. I think the neutral and the
collegial environment to partner with
for example today's network provider
also important that's why we strike a
good relationship with other parties who
running the traditional tax hailing
platform but we actually have very good
collegial relationship. So for us, we
shorten the speed to getting operations.
But for the partners, we also they have
access to the best-in-class technology
to really accelerating their services to
providing the fully driverless.
>> Where are the potential new markets?
>> Yeah, I think uh Europe and including
UK, London and the Middle East countries
and right now we're doing pretty good uh
in Hong Kong, China and I think these
are the markets we're focusing on. the
the criteria as I mentioned is not only
because we want to do the business it's
also in the market require this new
technology
>> again it is about ROI how about
profitability
>> so right now frankly speaking we are
ramping up very fast uh the yi growth on
the trips is over 100% so at this stage
as I mentioned for this part part of the
business we do see that as a medium-term
monetization pacing because we already
have a lot of near-term things we can
work on but frankly speaking we still
want to invest into the robo taxi
technology because we already have the
scale which is actually probably number
two as I mentioned but also we have a
lot of good you know the data fly well
the user experience feedback I think we
still want to investing into those areas
make sure technology is improving but we
are pretty much confident that linking
for example our cloud capability our
foundation model and infrastructure as
we already building so it's a full stack
offering which is more robust and more
sustainable than other peers because we
have a big parties to join this
>> vertical from our big family support
Henry, thank you so much for that. Hi
Giha, CFO of BU. Dave, of course, we're
coming to you from Namura's Investment
Forum Asia. More interviews coming right
up. Meanwhile, back to you.
>> Yep. Stay tuned for more of course with
House there on the ground. If you're one
of our Bloomberg subscribers, by the
way, you can check that out of course on
TV go. And also just to mention coming
up too, so Bloomberg Invest is actually
happening next week. So that's June 10th
and you will of course hear more from
the CFO Henry Hill will be joining of
course our team the OddLotss folks.
They're coming in. Our co-host of course
Tracy Aloway and Joisel are uh coming in
for a special taping of that podcast.
Watch out for that next week. The
episode will also be on the OddLots feed
wherever you get of course your OddLots
your podcast.
>> Dave and I will be there too on the
ground. Now, still ahead, we hear from
Taiwanese components giant Delta
Electronics about the biggest challenges
for the AIdriven data center boom. That
exclusive conversation coming out later
on this hour
uh we're doing well still on a benchmark
basis that is I think a lot of the lift
we're getting today is uh coming through
out of Japan uh which we'll we'll get to
a bit later on but yes uh we are still
feeling the tail coming through out of
the US session overnight. Although when
you look at US futures, we're seeing
some uh weakness there. Uh let's bring
in uh our Asia equities managing editor
Lentin 2 to just uh joining us from
Singapore to just give us I guess the uh
the take today what you guys are looking
at as far as this uh this rally which is
continuing obviously in the Asia
Pacific. Lente
>> yeah I think the rally is really showing
up in Japan. I mean I guess Korea being
off is one factor that Japan gets to
shine today. Taiwan also doing
relatively well. Uh we did see a lot
more sort of enthusiasm towards Japanese
stocks in the latest BAMO survey. It
actually emerged as the top sort of uh
favorite stock market in Asia. So that
is also quite showing up in foreign
flows. If you look at Japan, it's a
clear winner in North Asia. It attracted
about $74 billion from foreign investors
year to date and that is a stark
contrast to the likes of Korea which saw
about $70 billion of outflows and even
Taiwan saw a bit of outflows. People
like Japan now seems part of it is Japan
has been lagging in performance versus
Korea and Taiwan and the other reason is
Japan is actually less concentrated
again compared to the likes of Korea and
Taiwan. If you look at the top the
leaders of the topics index uh the
biggest stocks only account for about 3%
uh of topics waitings each the likes of
MUFG soft bank and Toyota and Japan
probably less in the spotlight it also
has a lot of chip supply chain very
niche sectors MLCC for example and
people are beginning to discover some
more sort of niche players that supplies
for chip components. Uh last night we
wrote a story about how Toto, which is
known for its bathtubs and toilet bowls,
now they're supplying ceramics for chip
making. And some UK found manager has
been touting MSG maker Aomoto, which is
actually very good at making chip um
insulation material. So all of these are
now popping up and uh people are
actually rediscovering Japan and Japan's
AI supply chains.
I love that story that the most beloved
sort of toilet makers is rotating to to
the AI theme as well. The thing just
goes to show there's plenty of AI
adjacent sort of companies out there.
>> It's a stretch but yeah. Okay.
>> It's it's a stretch but certainly it's
an interesting one. It's a good read.
But but what does it mean about you know
the the darlings right the Korea Taiwans
now. Are people sort of
>> setting that aside saying you know this
is a too crowd of a market now. Maybe
Japan is the more steadier ship now
moving forward.
>> Yeah, Japan seems to be where people
want to rotate money into, but that does
not mean the rally will not continue for
the likes of Korea and Taiwan. Goldman
Sachs just upgraded Korea's uh benchmark
index target to 12,000 from 9,000 just a
few weeks ago. The reason again is just
comes down to earnings. Uh Goldman is is
estimating Korean company's earnings to
grow 350%
this year. That is by far the highest
probably not just among Asia uh Asia
markets but in the world. The risk for
Taiwan and Korea really is the
concentration, right? For Korea, two
memory chip stocks account for about 50%
of Cosby waiting and Taiwan, one stock
at TSMC accounts for about 50% stock
waiting. And both Korea and Taiwan see
retail frenzy. You know, Taiwan actually
has more margin loans being taken out to
buy stocks. So that factor can probably
result in more volatility for these two
markets.
>> Okay, Yanting, thank you. presenting to
their Asia Equities managing editor.
Always great kind of dotting all the
eyes for us and really kind of finding
through fighting through all that noise
as well and really trying to find some
trends out there. Right. So from toilets
to ceramics to of course tech.
>> We're taking a look at how things are
doing here in
>> not sure how much help I need on the
toilet. Aentic AI help but
>> well at least you know you see all right
there is that sort of dispersion that
continues. Uh there's dispersion across
Asia as well. Well, look at Hang Sang.
It's It's underperforming compared to
the likes of the CSI 300. But yes, as as
Lanting mentioned, Japan certainly
taking the spotlight today. This is
Bloomberg.
Well, the ARM CEO Renee Hos is warning
that global memory chip supply remains
constrained across the board. Speaking
exclusively to Bloomberg at Computex in
Taipei, he told us that inadequate
capacity expansion means memory remains
the most difficult bottleneck to
resolve.
I would say one thing that's different
about what we're seeing right now is the
amount of compute that artificial
intelligence uh requires is quite
significant to anything before it and it
touches every single industry. It
touches everything around humanity.
Everyone on the planet will have some
interaction with AI whether that's AI
indirectly or directly but it affects
everyone. If you think about world GDP
$130 trillion, knowledge work, white
collar work being maybe a $30 trillion
market
>> that is a large market of which today is
largely undertapped. So is memory going
to be short till 2030? I don't know. I
hope not. Uh but could I see this demand
continuing much longer than people have
ever seen historically? That I do
believe.
>> So do you maybe look back at 2023 and
there wasn't enough investment because a
lot of memory chip makers were having
trouble. they just didn't build in that
capacity or foresee the demand that was
going to shoot through the roof like it
is now.
>> The the folks at Micron, Samsung, SK,
they have tough jobs and in 2022, 2023,
they're all losing money. And
>> now they're in the trillion dollar
valuation club,
>> the trillion dollar club. But uh but
cautious, right? Because they look at
that and say,
>> uh if I over if I overbuild, uh where
will I be when the supply crunch uh
eases up? But I do think you may see
some more innovative business models. Uh
would hyperscalers be investing in fabs?
Would there be more equity partnerships
around that such as secure supply? I
think that's quite possible.
>> Well, yeah. So, what kind of resiliency
needs to be built into the system so you
don't have such peaks and troughs?
>> There needs to be a shared system,
right? Shared shared risk, shared
investment and shared risk. I think
asking public companies like a micron to
take all of that risk themselves with no
shared risk from the people who are the
large consumers that's very very hard to
sustain. The governments have been
helping and US government has helped in
terms of uh the work they've been doing
with Micron and also encouraging uh
Samsung and he to expand the US but I
think it's more than just government.
>> Yep. lots of news and lots of market
moving news coming through still out of
competitive course with uh the folks at
ARM. Uh yeah, I mean so the other thing
of course that's come out of that or the
latest uh development there is of course
Jensen Huang touting optical firms and
what what goes into that things like
cable stocks for example as you can see
are bid and bid substantially across the
region as this AI uh these AI plays are
broadening it out into into newer areas
here. Yeah. I mean, anything he says
really lifts the market.
>> You want to hear a true story?
>> Yes.
>> So, I woke up this morning and I saw
Victoria's Secret was up 50%. And my
mind immediately went, did Jensen Huang
talk about Victoria Secret? Did that
have anything to do with that? But
that's really what if if you see a 30 40
50% pop in the stock, you immediately
think there's an AI component there.
>> Maybe.
>> Uh but obviously that's a completely
different story. That's just to say u
it's the golden touch of Jensen
>> the mightest touch of Jensen Wong right
software is certainly one thing to watch
right when you're seeing that investors
are tilting back into the the whole chip
space here once again so we're watching
that very closely and Tencent as well
after that report of their allin weChat
strategy that stock coming off a bit
already this is Bloomberg
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
a moment, but certainly uh we are
watching continuously this rally that
continues to go on here for another day
for the NECA 225. We're up 2 and a half%
and really is helping the likes of of
global stocks here this morning when
we're talking about this wind streak
that we've seen uh for the 11 straight
days, right? So we'll see if we get a
12th day. Uh that would bring us back to
levels we haven't seen in about two
decades or so I believe. Um so that's
2004.
>> Yeah. Uh so topics and NIC are doing
quite well here today. We talked about
how the metal space has really kind of
helped lift the topics here this
morning. There is also this level three
heavy rain sort of signal here warning.
So hundreds of flights have also been
halted there. So this typhoon Jangi is
nearing Tokyo here as well. So, one
thing to watch, but yeah, we also when
it comes to the currency, we're we're
nearing that 160 level once again, Dave.
>> Okay. Yeah, something to watch as we
look into the skies for both the weather
and of course the SpaceX IPO, which
we'll talk about in a moment here. Just
very briefly, what Japan is doing in as
far as the heavy lifting on the
benchmark in the Asia Pacific, 8/10 of
1%, it top row, leftmost side uh on your
screens. Apart from that, it's a quiet
day actually across these markets
following
um and of course, Korea is shut. So
that's really a big part of the story
here. Uh let's talk more about the
SpaceX conversation, right? So we did
get that report and we now have a lot
more uh details on what this massive the
biggest IPO right uh on record here. Uh
seeer citing a source saying that the
company plans to price about 556
million shares that's volume on price of
$35 each. Um, so you put the math
together and you get 75 billion. Daniel
Lee's with us here, our Asia aviation
and transport reporter. Let's throw
space in there because of things that go
up. Uh, okay. Talk to us. What do we
know about this?
>> Yeah, so we're going to get the the
pricing, the terms of this uh, massive
IPO as soon as Wednesday
>> and we've already heard from Reuters
that yeah, as you said, we're looking at
$135 share and around 556 million shares
on offer. So it's a huge chunk and you
know when you look at how much uh the
company's looking to raise 75 billion
it's that retail component which you
know it gets a lot of headlines because
it's it's an outsized number for uh what
they're trying to do and the fact that
you mask SpaceX has a huge number of
fans out there and they he's always
catered to that that kind of mom and pop
retail crowd but yeah know we're we're
accelerating the the kind of terms and
the timeline towards this IPO and the
fact that the marketing will kick off
shortly after and we should potentially
see it list by what June 11th or there
or thereabouts. So yeah, you got SpaceX
rapidly heading towards this uh this
public listing this mega listing.
>> Yeah, I mean given just the amount of
shares that you know Reuters is
reportedly what what they're looking to
sell. I mean what what does it tell you
about? Is there going to be enough
people to really take this buy the
shares for one thing here because these
numbers are quite shocking too. Yeah,
when you look at the kind of timelines,
the the fact that we are likely on a
slightly more accelerated timeline, you
it kind of maybe gives a sense that
maybe there is confidence out that there
is enough demand particularly of those
kind of special investors that are
waiting in the wings, but also uh the
the mom and pop investors and also the
fact that the marketplace has adjusted
to try and make sure that this IPO does
run smoothly and the fact that they can
cater towards huge numbers of people uh
retail traders especially who looking to
buy into this stock. So, you know, there
is that hot anticipation out there and
given the fact that this AI trade is
still very hot and people want to get
into it. So, yeah, I think the market is
ready and let's see if it does go
smoothly later on this week.
>> Okay, Danny, thank you. Danny Lee there,
our Asia Aviation and Transport reporter
uh on the latest when it comes to SpaceX
once we do get maybe some more confirmed
details of course of this filing. Uh
while we're on the topic of storing
valuations, we talk about AI. I I mean
just take a look at the the fortunes and
really of some of these billionaires out
there, right? And the likes of Jang Yi
Ming. Of course, this is the bite dance
uh owner here is now China's richest
person. He's also overtaken India's
Beshani as the second richest person in
Asia. If you go to Rich Go in your
terminal here, you kind of see how what
the data is generating here. And from
the Bloomberg billionaires index, it
does show that Jang's wealth network has
now risen to $92.8 billion. And mani
stands at just around 87 billion. So
they're both behind Gautam Madani though
who's worth around 117 billion. But
really just goes to show right I mean
when you take a look at not just the the
success of Tik Tok it's also their AI
chatbot as well where we we're hearing a
lot more analysts talk about DBA right
they have 300 million monthly users and
really one of the most popular in China
right now.
>> Yeah. And I think the market's really
placing their bets on this newer cohort
of companies, this newer generation of
>> Chinese. It's a private company.
>> It's a private company. And yet, you
know, we're we're nearing 100 billion as
far as his his his his net worth uh is
concerned. And you know, by all
accounts, it's it's looking like he
could actually be surpassing. I'm just
looking at the numbers here. Um so he's
at 93 billion. Mukesh Amani is at 87.
And of course number one in Asia Pacific
is as you point out is Gautamadani at
about 117 and you know the course of
travel is fairly clear as far as the you
know all the milestones we've hit this
week on the AI story whether that's um
Soft Bank surpassing Toyota, Korea and
Taiwan surpassing India. This is just
the latest micro iteration of that
broader trend we're seeing here
>> across the region
>> and getting closer to the likes of of
course some of China's richest people,
right? We talk about the OGs that you
talk about here, whether it's Jack Maw,
whether it's Pony Ma and the like.
Coming up, we're going to talk a little
bit more about well, edge AI with the
CEO of Taiwanese American chip startup
there, Naron. May there Albert joins us
next live from the Computex in Taipei.
Right. So, we're continuing our coverage
of course of uh what's taking place in
Taiwan. You Taiwan based electronics
manufacturer Delta Electronics says
power supply is becoming yet another one
of these key bottlenecks as it pertains
to the AI story. Speaking exclusively to
Bloomberg, the executive vice president
Ted Sher says that new US rules
promoting micro grids could actually
open up fresh opportunities for the
business of his company.
Electricity
>> will be the constraint for AI expansion.
>> Yeah.
>> So that's the reason DA
>> and Taiwan has power crunch.
>> Exactly. Exact. Not only Taiwan, even US
Trump government already come on the new
rule on March this year. Bring your own
power for the new data center. What does
that mean? This also create another
business. What is that? Michael Gree
system. You know the Greek power. You
build a new G power cost a lot of money
and time in five 10 years. So how about
the micro grease system? This micro
grease system you have the solid state
transformer, you have the battery energy
storage system, you have the solid oxide
fuel system. This one either way they
can support the G power and also they
can run independently when the G power
shut down.
>> How are you looking at the order book
from overseas right now? If you ask me
about the booking till next year, the
booking the order is continue to next
year.
>> So what kind of percentage if you're
looking at here in Taiwan which you
supply this uh supply chain no doubt
here in Taiwan but what percentage are
from overseas?
>> Majority of the business come from US
because there are two group as you may
understand one is in the USA one is in
China. China is also another important
place for data center. They have their
own strategy. So we are also working
with their major CSB in China also. But
they have different approach away. Their
thinking is different.
>> I'd be remiss not to ask you about what
is happening in the global energy
markets right now. There's an energy
shock. Obviously oil prices are up,
electricity generation costs are up. So
how do you mitigate that with your
technology? So how how does that play
into the costs associated with those
data center buildouts?
>> Yes, due to this energy shortage issue
during I mean because of the war
whatever and one side you can see the
electrical vehicle volume goes up again.
>> Yeah.
>> And but the other way it really creates
some cost up in our material supply
chain. We understand that. But I don't
think that will impact us too much.
>> No. But on the cost it would because
again there's the shortage of parts and
key components. That's one thing that is
driving up inflation. Uh but at the same
time energy costs are so much higher.
>> Uh we got to work with our customer
together because the supply and need. We
are to negotiate and work with customer
together for these energy shortage and
supply shortage.
>> And that was Delta Electronics's
executive vice president Ted Shu
speaking exclusively with Stephen Angel
at Computex 2026. Of course happening in
Taipei. Steve is still there, of course,
at Computex and joins us now. Steve,
>> we're going to continue the
conversation. What's fascinating,
obviously, as you know, Ivonne and
David, uh the Taiwan market is just full
of these suppliers that are going into
these large data centers and they all
have different solutions. And there's a
reason why the Tyx is up so much. There
is a reason why there's a bullishness in
Taiwan for 10% or nearly 10% GDP growth
this year at the the buzz is palpable.
Let's get to our next guest, Albert
Louu. He is the CEO of Neuron. Uh and
it's interesting and I'll just read you
design and manufacture chips and
hardware and software for edge AI. So
that's more local solutions rather than
uploading to the cloud and there's all
kinds of and downloading from the cloud.
So there's all kinds of applications for
that. But you were promoting NPUs.
>> Yeah. Neural processing.
>> Neural processing units. How does that
compare? What is Put it into context for
us. NPUs versus CPUs and GPUs.
>> Yeah. I think the technology trend
migration from CPU to GPU to MPU for AI
comput computation power is a little bit
like a VHS to DVD to MP3. So MP3 is
quite tiny, right? One dongle, but they
can request bunch of DVD and bunch of uh
VHS. So you can think in this way today
uh using the GPU or CPU to power CH GPD
label AI is power hungry. Some company
even seeing to build a nuclear power
plant to support that AI chain which is
kind of ridiculous and nonsustainable
right also the privacy and also
operation speed which AI if down to the
earth or uh enable on the device and
close to different industry which will
be more efficient and also low cost. So
how does this promote your technology?
How does it promote an edge AI? How does
it promote you know what we're seeing in
China and around the world as well? And
that is the open claw movement and agent
AI essentially and the creation of
agents and even in China you're having
oneperson companies. So you you need
that privacy local uh you need solutions
local low latency. I think I would say
not only local also privacy but also
controllable.
>> Yeah. I mean uh MPU can make it become
possible is you can think this way you
can put the CH GPD label AI into a small
box. Uh then the reason open crowd got
criticized is because uh first they
probably will spend the token fee unc
like unexpectedly right one night you
might spend like few hundred dollars and
second they probably will leak your
confidential information. And there's a
couple issue happen like they even leak
your conversation with uh your your your
your liver and or even your like secret
uh key or of your bank account to
everywhere. So the
>> open claw is really open.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Open your privacy data
everywhere. So if you can bring the uh
lab cloud label AI down to the earth
which is what Neuron provide. We are not
only sell the MPU but we also sell a
system like Nvidia doing the H100 H200
there and then then we put a uh open
crowd in the small box and all the token
is free and and and also your privacy
data control in local. So where are we
in the evolution right? But you talked
about this is the age of inference now
as they still build out of course uh the
infrastructure for the big data centers
uh and training is happening from the
large language models but how does your
technology really fuel the age and the
era of inference.
>> I I will say AI train first step
definitely is the training right cloud
training. So the crowd training
definitely GPU has the greatest
advantage because their CUDA ecos is so
strong but once everyone's uh training
or AI up to certain level become
saturated or become more mature then the
second one will be the cloud inference
then the third one will be like make the
model smaller and uh apply to everywhere
which will be age AI. So I think cloud
AI or training AI uh the GPU or the
hardware is super expensive and also
power consumption is heavy and and also
carbon dioxide emission is huge. Then
once you move to inference using this
heavy hardware is kind of luxury. So
inference AI definitely is the uh right
now the reason AI as over uh media
acquire the uh the the LPU right is also
facing the challenge of the inference
that GPU is too expensive then move to
the third one which will be AJI so I
would say NPU has a great advantage in
inference and AJI because we are the
hardware dedicated design for AI
purpose. How are you specifically and
where are you impacted by key
components? Uh the shortage of key
components and memory is the most acute
for a lot of the big data centers. But
what's the most important and most acute
uh shortage of components for you? Uh
you can think this way like what I said
MP3 dango their technology is
dramatically different as a DVD and also
VHS right the same thing MPU
architecture is much smaller and much
low cost versus the GPU or CPU. GPU is
existing in human history for more than
three decade that was originally
designed for gaming or graphic purpose
right so they need they require HBM high
bandwidth memory yeah so but NPU always
is DDR and yeah so we are not that
affect that much versus the HBN shortage
>> okay so let's talk about fundraising how
much fun I I think the last fundraising
um news that we got from you was in 2024
was you were expecting to raise about uh
what $300 million I don't know did that
come to fruition I think it was going to
value your company at about a billion
dollars so you'd be a technically a a
unicorn but I also understand you do
have plans for an IPO tell us about
fundraising and what's needed
>> yeah right now I think we are more
focused in uh meaningful IPO actually we
are under processing and we are closely
working with couple banker yeah and but
the main uh per uh the the main reason
for IPO definitely is become that that's
a critical moment
for you to move to the next table.
Right. So we we are waiting for uh
customers to announce or the product on
the market. Uh we actually our NPU adopt
in a pretty big giant they I think their
market cap is global ti means uh either
a media or Google or apo or Microsoft.
So they have a product already have our
inside and it's going to be deployed on
the market.
>> How much how much would you like to
raise and where would you want to raise?
I read that you were looking at possibly
backdoor listing through a spa a couple
of years ago, a special purpose
acquisition vehicle, but uh are you
general listing where and how much you
want to raise?
>> Oh, I think that might be some
misunderstanding. Yeah, really wasn't
through a that was a that company signed
with us. Okay. But first, AOI doesn't
have any of the legal binding, right?
Second, uh the AOI also expired.
Actually we still like uh working with
the banker uh continually and we are
looking for IPO in US.
>> Yeah. NASDAQ I would assume. Do can you
give us a ballpark how much you would
like to raise?
>> Uh I think it really depends because I
think we see the celebr
celebrity just IPO right they have a 30
billion market cap. We are a little bit
surprised how hot the market is. So I I
would say that right now we are closely
uh talking with the banker and see what
will be the proper uh uh the valuation
which you're looking for but we we want
to be more like down to the earth.
>> The market is definitely hot. So now
might be the time. Thanks so much uh for
your time. Albert Louu Neuron CEO. Back
to you guys from Computex in Taipei.
>> Okay. Yeah. From the new topic back to a
flashback almost back to last year. We
have some breaking news uh on the tariff
front. This one in fact is crossing the
Bloomberg terminal as Ivon goes through.
It's about 100 pages. This is coming
through out of the US trade
representative. U the headline is the US
is proposing extra tariffs on 6060
economies. This is under section uh 301
of course of the US trade act of 1974.
In other words, and under the mandate
and against the backdrop of the Supreme
Court striking down the other tariffs,
of course, this seems to be perhaps one
uh way that this is getting through. Uh
what details do you have here, Ivon?
Yes.
>> Well, what we're hearing is which
countries, right? So, part of that 60.
So, that 10% tariff rate would apply to
imports from Canada, Mexico, the
European Union, Taiwan, and the UK among
other countries. Where you see a little
bit more higher tariff rates which is
that 12 and a half% levy is from
economies including China, India, Japan,
South Korea, Brazil and Switzerland. Uh
interesting that some even these US
allies like Japan like South Korea are
in that sort of higher levy bracket as
well. But, you know, what you're
starting to hear is that, you know,
these these investigations into section
301 are we're starting to get some
findings here and conclusions to that.
And this was kind of largely seen as the
Trump administration trying to rebuild,
of course, their tariff strategy that
was struck down by the US Supreme Court
earlier this year. uh Jameson Greer uh
they quote here that the failure of our
most important trading partners to
address
um uh the importation of goods made with
forced labor is unacceptable. So that's
the premise. Uh this does create a
dynamic where American workers were
forced to compete globally on an unlevel
uh playing field and the correction
they're putting in place is anything
from 10 to about 12% on those tariffs. I
mean the market's already reacting quite
uh noticeably to this. We just showed
you the Aussie dollar just now. Of
course, we're a little bit lower there.
And as far as that's concerned, again,
lots of details here. Uh it's about a
100 pages and I think the investigations
are about uh taking place on in about a
month uh in a few days from today. I
think we'll be holding hearings on the
investigations to be more
>> so the written comments were supposed to
be submitted by July 6. Um and basically
now the public hearings will begin on
July 7th. That's according to this
notice as well. So this is sort of a a
next sort of big step that we're seeing
from the Trump administration and how
we're going to look at these terrorists.
Now they're kind of reinstating this
country by country sort of thing that we
dealt with maybe much of last year. Um
so certainly we'll see how these
countries will respond. That's right. In
some ways here I think you know what we
have seen before was that they opted
instead to negotiate. They did not
retaliate here. So we'll see how this
sort of new round of tariffs is going to
play out here of course globally. Um I'm
going through the document here. It
seems that most of how the template and
the phrasing is fairly consistent across
the 60. There could be of course minor
uh differences between uh the 60
economies involved here but just to give
you a sense of the Asia-Pacific and I'm
looking at the list here u economies
involved. of Australia, Cambodia,
China,
uh we're looking at Hong Kong, India,
Japan,
um New Zealand, Malaysia, Philippines,
uh Singapore, and South Korea among the
60 of course, and that's just the
Asia-Pacific. Um yes, and it does seem
to be applied fairly almost across the
board in as far as geographical coverage
is concerned. And when you're talking
about section 301, what's different
about this is that these tariffs are
more legally sound, right? And more
flexible
>> than other powers that Trump within the
mandate of the l. So, um, but it is also
very timeconuming. So, certainly it's
going to take us some time to kind of
decipher through these headlines, but
we'll bring you much more once we get
them here. This is Bloomberg.
Okay. Um just to recap the breaking news
in the last few minutes or so and as you
can see there's a little bit of uh
adverse reaction already in some
currencies affected the Chinese currency
one the Aussie dollar another 60
economies are now being well the US is
proposing additional tariffs on uh 60
economies on the basis of forced labor
and the correction that they need to do
there uh and as far as the trade uh
being forcing American workers to trade
to to compete on uneven grounds is the
phrasing that they use there. Uh it's a
very long document. It's about 100
pages, but yeah, the we're looking at
what 10 to 12%.
>> Yeah. So 10 to 12 there's two brackets
to this, right? And what you're
basically seeing is that you know the
tariff walls are being struck uh up
again after they were struck down by the
Supreme Court just a few months ago. So
10% rate goes to the likes of Canada,
Mexico, EU, Taiwan, UK. 12 and a half%
includes the pack from China, India,
Japan, South Korea, Brazil, and
Switzerland among others as well. So
certainly we'll continue to track this
here as well. We're seeing that really
play out in the currency markets here
right now. That adverse reaction
according to Dave of course, but we'll
check more coming up here. That's it for
us here in the China show. Insight with
Amid is next.